Hello! My name is Matthew. I have just joined the company as the chief learning officer. I am very excited to work with you.
I have a secret to share with you. I am not a real person.
Now that we got that out of the way, I am going to help you share your knowledge with your coworkers.
Today, we will be talking about Markdown.
The slides that you see here have been generated using a tool called pandoc from text files in the markdown format.
It is amazing isn't it? You can manage your slides similar to how you manage your code.
I am sure you have seen GitHub readme files. That is markdown.
Pandoc is a great command line tool for working with markdown files.
You can publish markdown files in more than 10 output formats including PDF, HTML, PowerPoint and Word.
In one of my previous jobs, I would write my reports in LaTeX and create my slides in PowerPoint.
Including LaTeX math formulas in PowerPoint was a big headache.
Later, when I switched to Markdown. I would write the content in Markdown and then publish all the reports and slides that I wanted in a very coherent form.
The best part is that you can write LaTeX in markdown.
You can get the best quality of the most simple format.
I hope you are now interested to know more about Markdown.
Please do your own research but take a look at aar studio. It is one of the best things that has happened to markdown. You will like it!